[Music]
get ready for 12 smart psychological
tips everyone should know you don't
necessarily have to be an expert in
psychology to understand what's going on
in people's heads and use it to your
advantage there are some psychological
tips that work on a subconscious level
that help you win another person's trust
get somebody's approval and relax when
you're stressed out in today's video
Brightside is sharing 12 tips that will
work every time and can help you out in
any situation so if you're ready to get
what you want in life with some help
from psychology then hit that thumbs up
button counting down from number twelve
when a group of people are laughing each
person looks at the individual he or she
likes the most
after a good joke or in the middle of an
interesting discussion every person
instinctively looks at the person they
like the most this is because they want
to make sure that the object of their
desires approves up and shares their
sense of humor so in order to find out
everything about a group of friends get
a few really good jokes ready and watch
everybody like a hawk your observations
might turn out really surprising number
11 chew on something when you're nervous
before an important conversation a
public speech or another event that
makes you nervous you should try to
choose some gum or even eat something a
2011 study at Tokyo medical and dental
University concluded that the chewing
motion greatly reduces feelings of
anxiety the thing is that nobody eats
when they're in danger so while you're
chewing your brain thinks it's safe to
relax it sends a signal that relieves
tension and helps calm you down
you're basically tricking your own brain
the same tokyo research explains that
some ancient mayans and greeks who used
to chew on tree resin were less ants
than their peers who didn't share this
habit
maybe this is where the expression she
really chewed him out came from wow that
would make her a stressed out cannibal
okay maybe not
number 10 staring can help you
you
if you think someone is looking at you
just yawn
oddly enough yawning is like the common
call there's even a phenomenon called
contagious yawning it's typical for
humans and chimpanzees to yawn when they
see here or just think about yawning
some individuals are less influenced by
others yawns but out of 328 participants
of a study conducted at the Duke
University School of Medicine 222 yawn
while watching a video of people yawning
are you yawning right now just peering a
boat for those hmm that works so it's
more likely than not you'll be able to
use yawning to see who's watching you to
figure it out just yawn and look around
in most cases the person who is staring
at you will yawn too not only that but
if you do this when the Sun comes up you
can yawn at dawn thank you very much
number six if you
you
a sheet of paper or even ask
you start to exude warmth and people
feel it hey are you the one that takes
advantage of these subconscious tricks
which one is your favorite tell us in
the comment section below share this
video with your friends to help them
pass a job interview or win over their
crushes heart remember that there are
many more useful and interesting things
on the bright side of life
so subscribe and see what's coming your
way
[Music]